>> Brian: So that's code splitting.
I've given you all the tools now pretty
much to do whatever you want with the code
splitting.
It doesn't really get a lot
more complicated than that.
It really is, if we're looking at
our code here, here in details,.
This is the key right here.
It's this import function right here.
This is just signaling to
>> Brian: Parcel to go out and
fetch this and
then this returns a promise.
And when you call dot then on the promise
this will give you the module inside of
the promise body.
That's just how it works.
So now,
it's not any more complicated than that.
We could actually write this ourselves.
And in fact, in version three of this,
I make you write it yourself cuz
it really isn't very complicated.
Probably even just pull
it up here real quick.
Complete intro to react.
>> Brian: Let's see.
Repo.
>> Brian: And if you look in the js here,
Async Route here, this one .jsx file.
This is about it.
So on component to mount,
you take the loading promise and
call dot then when
the module finally arrives.
And I just set this dot component equals
module dot default, and then you set,
this is loaded, and then down here.
If it's loading you show the spinner.
If it's not loading then
you show the component.
>> Brian: So
loadable does a little bit more.
It has retry logic and
some other fancy stuff, but at its core,
it's nothing more than this.
>> Brian: In other words,
you could write this, right?
And you could write loadables.
There's no black magic here.
>> Brian: So again, if you actually
wanna go through that process
just check out the version
three of this course.
Last thing about code splitting.
>> Brian: If you need to check out
the branch and see this later,
it's the name of the branch
is code dash splitting.
And that is at the bottom of that page.
Of the codes splitting
in the course notes.